# Go API client for openapi

## Overview
Tax Service Adapter is a Service Provider Interface (SPI) that helps Chargebee communicate with API platforms providing the following services:
- Address validation
- Estimating taxes for sales
- Submitting invoices for tax filing

If you have an API that provides the services mentioned above and want Chargebee to be able to integrate with it, you can build an adapter service according to this specification.

## Terminology
Here's a list of terms we've used to describe this specification.
### Merchant 
  Chargebee’s customer who is carrying out the business of selling products. Also known as the Seller. The Seller has one or more Chargebee accounts.
### Chargebee 
 The SaaS which manages subscriptions and revenue operations on behalf of the Merchant. Chargebee makes API calls to the Tax Service Adapter for tax estimation and tax filing of transactions between the Merchant and the Customer.
### Customer 
Merchant’s customer who purchases products from the Merchant. Their customer record(s) and other details are stored within Chargebee under the Merchant’s account.
### Tax Authority
The institution, usually a government, that is responsible for collecting taxes for commercial transactions between Merchants and their Customers.  
### Tax Service Provider
The service which provides tax estimation and tax filing services for merchants.
### Tax Service Adapter 
The SPI for which the spec is defined in this document. This adapter serves the following purposes:
- Translates API requests (as defined in this document) from Chargebee to the request format specified by the Tax Service Provider's API.
- Translates API responses from the Tax Service Provider APIs to the format understood by Chargebee (as defined in this document).
### Authorization
Chargebee uses HTTP header-based authorization for all the API endpoints associated with Tax Service Adapter. We dynamically pass this authorization key in the HTTP header. The parameter that holds this key is found in the JSON object `api_configuration` required for configuring your onboarding on Chargebee's marketplace. In the `api_configuration` object, our [Taxes Service Adapter SPI](https://chargebee.atlassian.net/l/cp/ca5aZ1mA) checks the authorization key parameter from `credential_configuration.id` and creates the HTTP header-based input query parameter for authorization. The `credential_configuration` is an array of objects with an `id` attribute, and the value of `id` is the parameter containing the authorization key.

  Following are the JSON snippets for your reference.

   ```json
      \"api_configuration\": {
          \"api_base_url\": \"https://xyz.abc.com/chargebee\",
          \"credential_configuration\": [ 
            {
              \"id\":\"authorization_key\",
              \"name\": \"Authorization Key\", 
              \"type\": \"text\",
              \"is_sensitive\": true 
            },
            {
              \"id\": \"client_secret\",
              \"name\": \"Client Secret\",
              \"type\": \"text\",
              \"is_sensitive\": true
            }
          ]
        }
   ```    
`\"Authorization\":\"{\"<authorization_key>\":\"test_GykCvTykZFTBqHQAFzjMN9R1Thgdho0Q\"}\"`


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.3.7
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.8.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import openapi "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `openapi.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `openapi.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.taxes.provider.com/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AddressAPI* | [**CheckAddressTaxability**](docs/AddressAPI.md#checkaddresstaxability) | **Post** /address/check-taxability | Check taxability
*AddressAPI* | [**ValidateAddress**](docs/AddressAPI.md#validateaddress) | **Post** /address/validate | Address validation
*AuthenticationAPI* | [**ValidateCredentials**](docs/AuthenticationAPI.md#validatecredentials) | **Post** /credentials/validate | Validate credentials
*CreditNoteAPI* | [**CommitCreditNote**](docs/CreditNoteAPI.md#commitcreditnote) | **Post** /credit-notes/{creditNoteId}/commit | Commit credit note
*CreditNoteAPI* | [**CreateCreditNote**](docs/CreditNoteAPI.md#createcreditnote) | **Post** /credit-notes | Create credit note
*CreditNoteAPI* | [**FetchCreditNote**](docs/CreditNoteAPI.md#fetchcreditnote) | **Get** /credit-notes/{creditNoteId} | Retrieve credit note
*CreditNoteAPI* | [**VoidCreditNote**](docs/CreditNoteAPI.md#voidcreditnote) | **Post** /credit-notes/{creditNoteId}/void | Void credit note
*HealthAPI* | [**FetchHealth**](docs/HealthAPI.md#fetchhealth) | **Get** /health | Fetch the health status of the Service Provider.
*InvoiceAPI* | [**CommitInvoice**](docs/InvoiceAPI.md#commitinvoice) | **Post** /invoices/{invoiceId}/commit | Commit Invoice
*InvoiceAPI* | [**CreateInvoice**](docs/InvoiceAPI.md#createinvoice) | **Post** /invoices | Create Invoice
*InvoiceAPI* | [**FetchInvoice**](docs/InvoiceAPI.md#fetchinvoice) | **Get** /invoices/{invoiceId} | Retrieve Invoice
*InvoiceAPI* | [**VoidInvoice**](docs/InvoiceAPI.md#voidinvoice) | **Post** /invoices/{invoiceId}/void | Void Invoice
*TaxEstimateAPI* | [**EstimateTaxes**](docs/TaxEstimateAPI.md#estimatetaxes) | **Post** /tax-estimate | Estimate tax


## Documentation For Models

 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [AddressValidationRequest](docs/AddressValidationRequest.md)
 - [AddressValidationResponse](docs/AddressValidationResponse.md)
 - [AddressValidationStatus](docs/AddressValidationStatus.md)
 - [BasicErrorResponse](docs/BasicErrorResponse.md)
 - [BasicErrorResponse1](docs/BasicErrorResponse1.md)
 - [CheckAddressTaxabilityRequest](docs/CheckAddressTaxabilityRequest.md)
 - [CheckAddressTaxabilityResponse](docs/CheckAddressTaxabilityResponse.md)
 - [CredentialStatus](docs/CredentialStatus.md)
 - [CredentialValidationResponse](docs/CredentialValidationResponse.md)
 - [CreditNote](docs/CreditNote.md)
 - [CreditNoteRequest](docs/CreditNoteRequest.md)
 - [CreditNoteType](docs/CreditNoteType.md)
 - [Customer](docs/Customer.md)
 - [CustomerLocationEvidence](docs/CustomerLocationEvidence.md)
 - [DocumentStatus](docs/DocumentStatus.md)
 - [ErrorCode](docs/ErrorCode.md)
 - [FieldItem](docs/FieldItem.md)
 - [HealthCheckComponent](docs/HealthCheckComponent.md)
 - [HealthCheckResponse](docs/HealthCheckResponse.md)
 - [HealthStatus](docs/HealthStatus.md)
 - [Invoice](docs/Invoice.md)
 - [InvoiceLineItem](docs/InvoiceLineItem.md)
 - [InvoiceRequest](docs/InvoiceRequest.md)
 - [Seller](docs/Seller.md)
 - [TaxEstimationLineItemRequest](docs/TaxEstimationLineItemRequest.md)
 - [TaxEstimationRequest](docs/TaxEstimationRequest.md)
 - [TaxEstimationResponse](docs/TaxEstimationResponse.md)
 - [TaxExemptType](docs/TaxExemptType.md)
 - [TaxJurisdiction](docs/TaxJurisdiction.md)
 - [TaxJurisdictionType](docs/TaxJurisdictionType.md)
 - [TaxLineItem](docs/TaxLineItem.md)
 - [ValidationErrorResponse](docs/ValidationErrorResponse.md)
 - [ValidationErrorResponseErrorsInner](docs/ValidationErrorResponseErrorsInner.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### bearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextAccessToken, "BEARER_TOKEN_STRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

### apiKey

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: bearer
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: bearer and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		openapi.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]openapi.APIKey{
			"bearer": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



